KES agent integration (#1487)
IntersectMBO/ouroboros-consensus: ouroboros-consensus-protocol/changelog.d/20250130_101128_tdammers_mlocked_kes_rebase.md

### Breaking

- Use new mlocked KES API for all internal KES sign key handling.
- Add finalizers to all block forgings (required by `ouroboros-consensus`).
- Change `HotKey` to manage not only KES sign keys, but also the corresponding
  OpCerts. This is in preparation for KES agent connectivity: with the new
  design, the KES agent will provide both KES sign keys and matching OpCerts
  together, and we need to be able to dynamically replace them both together.
- Add finalizer to `HotKey`. This takes care of securely forgetting any KES
  keys the HotKey may still hold, and will be called automatically when the
  owning block forging terminates.
- Change `PraosCanBeLeader` to not contain the KES sign key itself anymore.
  Instead, it now contains a `PraosCredentialsSource` field, which

>   specifies how to obtain the actual credentials (OpCert and KES SignKey). For
>   now, the only supported method is passing an OpCert and an
>   UnsoundPureSignKeyKES, presumably loaded from disk
>   (`PraosCredentialsUnsound`); future iterations will add support for
>   connecting to a KES agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  specifies how to obtain the actual credentials (OpCert and KES SignKey).
  Two methods are supported:
  - Directly passing an OpCert and an UnsoundPureSignKeyKES, presumably loaded
    from disk (`PraosCredentialsUnsound`)
  - Passing a socket address to a KES Agent from which OpCerts and (sound)
    SignKeyKES can be obtained (`PraosCredentialsAgent`)
```
